after yesterday's ruckus I'm surprised
to find newcomer Skaar bold as brass
right in the middle of the troop this
could well be a challenge to top male
Evander who's still nowhere to be seen
with chill era coming into the peak of
her cycle I don't imagine it'll be far
away and in Havana's absence Genoa seems
content to keep herself busy with well
then one MIDI they're doing it behind
the tree here we go three times in
tested his silk very perfunctory
she didn't give any post plate recalls
baby applause on that satisfying for her
though if married and she's certainly
getting a lot of attention this morning
[Music]
he does the youngster they're dedicated
at this point you may be tempted to
think that Chile was a bit of a
[Music]
but you need to remember she's a baboon
the more mails she has sex with the more
likely it is she'll get pregnant and
have offspring and that's her main
mission in life
I've seen she's very obliging maybe
little feels big mail thought wants to
do her fine for being a high-ranking
female Chihuahuas in demand and
certainly has a talent for creating
trouble among the males Evander turns up
and spots Thalia with scar Evander
doesn't like it and his expression says
it all all the other animals can sense
the tension scar comes down from the
tree Evander's waiting for him
this is when those teeth come into their
own this is no play fight it's the real
deal a fight like this result in severe
injuries even death
it's hard to see exactly what's going on
but it's likely to involve bloodshed
oh you've got to look at this Evander's
been really badly injured
[Music]
it just shows you that these scraps
between the males and not just bluff
they can really result in quite serious
injuries scars in poor shape - it's
looking pretty sorry for himself just
shows you how precarious the lives of
the males are they can be right at the
top one minute and practically overnight
they can lose their status but Evander
he's not finished he could be back up
again in no time this new male he's an
unknown quantity just don't know what's
gonna happen next
you